B1-Management/HumanResource/Curriculum_Vitae/2022/2022.en.md, before:

# NAME_EN <span style="float:right;">NAME</span>

## Contact

| Email | TEL | GitHub(374 followers) |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| [charl3s.xu@gmail.com](mailto:charl3s.xu@gmail.com) | TEL | [github.com/the0demiurge](https://github.com/the0demiurge/) |

REGION_EN <span style="float:right;">REGION</span>

## Education

| Time | University | Degree | Major |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| TIME | UNIVERSITY | DEGREE | MAJOR |
| TIME | UNIVERSITY | DEGREE | MAJOR |

## Skills

- **Mathematics and Algorithm**
  - **Deep Learning(DL):**Proficient in **Reinforcement Learning**, Deeply understand DL optimization, experienced with **PyTorch**, well-informed with NLP(TransFormer, LSTM), Image Classification(ResNet, Inception), Recommendation System
  - **Machine Learning:**Skilled at Supervised Learning(**tree models such as GBDT**, Logistic Regression), Unsupervised Learning(**Clustering**, Assosication Analysis), Semi-Supervised Learning, Contrastive Learning, probabilistic graphical model; **expert on data analysis tools(Scikit-Learn, Pandas, [Numpy, Sympy, Matplotlib](https://github.com/the0demiurge/pyMATLABstyle), scipy.optimize)**
  - **[Data structures](https://github.com/the0demiurge/DataStructureRepr) and [algorithms](https://notes.pythonic.life/A1-Computer_Science/Algorithm/Calculator_AST.py.html)**, computational complexity
- **Developing**
  - **Programming Language:** **Expert on Python**, familar with C/C++, bash, MATLAB, Makefile
  - **Linux:** use ArchLinux/Ubuntu sinse 2016, managed 7 deep learning server, own a [VPS](https://dvorak.science/)
  - **Software Engineering**(git, CI, Dockerfile, pretty code style), **Network**(HTTP, OSI)
  - **Full-Stack Website Developing:** HTML, Javascript, Flask, MongoDB, Nginx, Apache2
  - **Web Crawler:** requests, bs4, selenium, developed [Sukiya questionnaire autofiller](https://sukiya.dvorak.science/)
- **Major and Profession**
  - **Operations Research:** MILP(ortools), Heuristic Optimization(GA/SA/CEM), Convex Optimization (cvxpy)
  - **Control Theory:** Optimal Control, Linear Systems, System Identification
  - **Traffic Control and AutoPilot:** Traffic Wave Theory, Webster Model, Green Wave Model, Path Planning

## Working Experience

### COMPANY POSITION <span style="float:right;">TIME</span>

#### Intelligent Transportation System(ITS): Research on Applying Reinforcement Learning(RL) to Real World Production

- **S:** Intelligent control on traffic light signal timing could enhance traffic efficiency greatly. Current state-of-the-art AI traffic control algorithms are mainly based on strong assumption, which makes it hard to apply to real world product.
- **T:** ***1.*** Bring **RL** to real world production, and make it outperform traditional algorithms; ***2.*** Enhance RL training by **expert experience**; ***3.*** Research on **RL generalization** among several traffic scenarios.
- **A:** ***1.*** Design and develop a real-world compatible RL environment; ***2.*** Implement traditional algorithms as baseline; ***3.*** Fine tune RL algorithm and environment; ***4.*** Introduce **information entropy** to solve the problem of data imbalance, making RL agent learn expert experience and highly accelerating RL training. ***5.*** Design a RL model which generalizes to any shape of traffic intersection.
- **R:** Published: PRIVATE; another paper about RL generalization is under reviewing.

#### Vehicle to Everything(V2X): Cooperative Adaptive Cruise Control(CACC)

- **S:** CACC is a crutial application in autopilot from levels of L2 to L4. For example, there is a [GLOSA](https://www.c-roads-germany.de/english/c-its-services/glosa/) defined at project C-ROADS(an EU project).
- **T:** Research and develop a CACC system to reduce energy consumption and improve driving comfort level.
- **A:** ***1.*** Implemented energy consuption models(HBEFA, SUMO/Energy, VT-CPFM)；***2.*** Recurrent GLOSA and Eco-CACC; ***3.*** Designed and developed a V2X-CACC by using **optimal control** to perform vehicle longitudinal **trajectory planning**, and decides whether to open CACC or not adaptively according to traffic situation.
- **R:** This project is working in progress. For now, the energy consumption is reduced 19% on the cost of 68% travel time increasement; while on 10% CAV penetration, the energy consumption is reduced 9% with fuel consumption increase 22%.

#### ITS: Urban Traffic Signal Control System

- **S:** Urban traffic signal control system adjusts traffic light timing to ensure vehicles and pedestrians move safely and efficiently.
- **T:** Design and develop large-scale traffic signal control algorithm modules, and utilize **machine learning** algorithoms to improve efficiency and reduce congestion reiably among several scenarios.
- **A:** ***1.*** Scheme selection: Use **clustering algorithm(DBSCAN & KMeans)** to group traffic data with different characteristics, and use **KNN** to learn the mappings from traffic characteristics to signal plans; ***2.*** Time-of-day division: divide time of a day by **sequence clustering algorithms(spectral clustering & Fisher)**; ***3.*** Traffic Optimization: based on the traffic flow model, solve single intersection and arterial by **Mixed-integer Linear Programming(MILP)** modeling, solve congestion optimization by **heuristic optimization** modeling; ***4.*** Reliability: embed traffic simulation tools(including SUMO) into the evaluation module with a fallback logic to shield poor signal plans.
- **R:** Published 3 SDKs including PRIVATE, and evaluated in PRIVATE that the traffic control system outperforms human expert.
- Obtained patents:
  - PRIVATE
  - PRIVATE
  - PRIVATE

## Internship

#### Data Mining-based Insurance Underwriting System<span style="float:right;">COMPANY TIME</span>

- **S:** PRIVATE project with IBM, Baidu, etc to develop an automatic underwriting system to reduce human labor.
- **T:** Deeply understand customers' needs while communicating with underwriting experts, design and develop automatic underwriting system, to win the bid.
- **A:** Perform **feature engineering**, design evaluation criterions and model logics, train and fine tune **Logistic Regression, Random Forest, LightGBM** classification models; analyze bad cases and improve features; Encapsule the ML model into a SDK with C++.
- **R:** ***1.*** Fulfilled PoC and won the bid; ***2.*** Achieve 15% human labor reduction and 95% precetion on the 530k training dataset.
- PRIVATE

## Campus Projects

#### Reinforcement Learning(RL)-based Reactive Force field Optimization<span style="float:right;">TIME</span>

- **S:** Reactive force field(ReaxFF) is a function with a large number of parameters, which usually takes several months to optimize when using traditional genetic algorithms.
- **T:** Explore a heuristic optimization method based on RL, to speed up the optimization process of the reaction field parameters of similar materials.
- **A:** Based on the assumption of similar materials having similar ReaxFF, design and implement the RL environment, perform feature engineering and implement different optimization methods(including **RL and traditional genetic algorithms**).
- **R:** ***1.*** In terms of the optimization performance of similar materials, it has comparable results with the professional optimization software GARFFIELD, greatly surpassing conjugate gradient method and simulated annealing algorithm; ***2.*** Obtain software copyright.

## Miscellaneous

- **Strong:** have exercise habits, periodicly go hiking or riding
- **Cooperative:** ***1.*** do research with interns on RL with expert experience and generalization; ***2.*** communicate with product manager to decide product design, debug with engineering team to make sure the urban traffic signal cortrol system works well; ***3.*** cooperate with MEC production line and RoboX to plan product layout together.
- **Self-Learning and Fast Learner:** gain deep mastery in *website developing*, *materials science*, *traffic engineering* and *autopilot*.
- **Summarizing** online notebook: [notes.pythonic.life](https://notes.pythonic.life)。
- **Geek Spirit**: develop a bunch of scripts: [CharlesScripts](https://github.com/the0demiurge/CharlesScripts) which earns **983 Star** and **731 Fork**; generated curriculum viate by [this tool](https://notes.pythonic.life/B1-Management/HumanResource/Curriculum_Vitae/); use [Dvorak keyboard layout](https://the0demiurge.blogspot.com/2018/11/ergodox.html) since 2018.
- **Personal Blog:** [the0demiurge.blogspot.com](https://the0demiurge.blogspot.com/)
- **Google Scholar:** PRIVATE

Commit message:

fixed cv to add amateur project

B1-Management/HumanResource/Curriculum_Vitae/2022/2022.en.md, after:

# NAME_EN <span style="float:right;">NAME</span>

## Contact

| Email | TEL | GitHub(374 followers) |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| [charl3s.xu@gmail.com](mailto:charl3s.xu@gmail.com) | TEL | [github.com/the0demiurge](https://github.com/the0demiurge/) |

REGION_EN <span style="float:right;">REGION</span>

## Education

| Time | University | Degree | Major |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| TIME | UNIVERSITY | DEGREE | MAJOR |
| TIME | UNIVERSITY | DEGREE | MAJOR |

## Skills

- **Mathematics and Algorithm**
  - **Deep Learning(DL):**Proficient in **Reinforcement Learning**, Deeply understand DL optimization, experienced with **PyTorch**, well-informed with NLP(TransFormer, LSTM), Image Classification(ResNet, Inception), Recommendation System
  - **Machine Learning:**Skilled at Supervised Learning(**tree models such as GBDT**, Logistic Regression), Unsupervised Learning(**Clustering**, Assosication Analysis), Semi-Supervised Learning, Contrastive Learning, probabilistic graphical model; **expert on data analysis tools(Scikit-Learn, Pandas, [Numpy, Sympy, Matplotlib](https://github.com/the0demiurge/pyMATLABstyle), scipy.optimize)**
  - **[Data structures](https://github.com/the0demiurge/DataStructureRepr) and [algorithms](https://notes.pythonic.life/A1-Computer_Science/Algorithm/Calculator_AST.py.html)**, computational complexity
- **Developing**
  - **Programming Language:** **Expert on Python**, familar with C/C++, bash, MATLAB, Makefile
  - **Linux:** use ArchLinux/Ubuntu sinse 2016, managed 7 deep learning server, own a [VPS](https://dvorak.science/)
  - **Software Engineering**(git, CI, Dockerfile, pretty code style), **Network**(HTTP, OSI)
  - **Full-Stack Website Developing:** HTML, Javascript, Flask, MongoDB, Nginx, Apache2
  - **Web Crawler:** requests, bs4, selenium, developed [Sukiya questionnaire autofiller](https://sukiya.dvorak.science/)
- **Major and Profession**
  - **Operations Research:** MILP(ortools), Heuristic Optimization(GA/SA/CEM), Convex Optimization (cvxpy)
  - **Control Theory:** Optimal Control, Linear Systems, System Identification
  - **Traffic Control and AutoPilot:** Traffic Wave Theory, Webster Model, Green Wave Model, Path Planning

## Working Experience

### COMPANY POSITION <span style="float:right;">TIME</span>

#### Intelligent Transportation System(ITS): Research on Applying Reinforcement Learning(RL) to Real World Production

- **S:** Intelligent control on traffic light signal timing could enhance traffic efficiency greatly. Current state-of-the-art AI traffic control algorithms are mainly based on strong assumption, which makes it hard to apply to real world product.
- **T:** ***1.*** Bring **RL** to real world production, and make it outperform traditional algorithms; ***2.*** Enhance RL training by **expert experience**; ***3.*** Research on **RL generalization** among several traffic scenarios.
- **A:** ***1.*** Design and develop a real-world compatible RL environment; ***2.*** Implement traditional algorithms as baseline; ***3.*** Fine tune RL algorithm and environment; ***4.*** Introduce **information entropy** to solve the problem of data imbalance, making RL agent learn expert experience and highly accelerating RL training. ***5.*** Design a RL model which generalizes to any shape of traffic intersection.
- **R:** Published: PRIVATE; another paper about RL generalization is under reviewing.

#### Vehicle to Everything(V2X): Cooperative Adaptive Cruise Control(CACC)

- **S:** CACC is a crutial application in autopilot from levels of L2 to L4. For example, there is a [GLOSA](https://www.c-roads-germany.de/english/c-its-services/glosa/) defined at project C-ROADS(an EU project).
- **T:** Research and develop a CACC system to reduce energy consumption and improve driving comfort level.
- **A:** ***1.*** Implemented energy consuption models(HBEFA, SUMO/Energy, VT-CPFM)；***2.*** Recurrent GLOSA and Eco-CACC; ***3.*** Designed and developed a V2X-CACC by using **optimal control** to perform vehicle longitudinal **trajectory planning**, and decides whether to open CACC or not adaptively according to traffic situation.
- **R:** This project is working in progress. For now, the energy consumption is reduced 19% on the cost of 68% travel time increasement; while on 10% CAV penetration, the energy consumption is reduced 9% with fuel consumption increase 22%.

#### ITS: Urban Traffic Signal Control System

- **S:** Urban traffic signal control system adjusts traffic light timing to ensure vehicles and pedestrians move safely and efficiently.
- **T:** Design and develop large-scale traffic signal control algorithm modules, and utilize **machine learning** algorithoms to improve efficiency and reduce congestion reiably among several scenarios.
- **A:** ***1.*** Scheme selection: Use **clustering algorithm(DBSCAN & KMeans)** to group traffic data with different characteristics, and use **KNN** to learn the mappings from traffic characteristics to signal plans; ***2.*** Time-of-day division: divide time of a day by **sequence clustering algorithms(spectral clustering & Fisher)**; ***3.*** Traffic Optimization: based on the traffic flow model, solve single intersection and arterial by **Mixed-integer Linear Programming(MILP)** modeling, solve congestion optimization by **heuristic optimization** modeling; ***4.*** Reliability: embed traffic simulation tools(including SUMO) into the evaluation module with a fallback logic to shield poor signal plans.
- **R:** Published 3 SDKs including PRIVATE, and evaluated in PRIVATE that the traffic control system outperforms human expert.
- Obtained patents:
  - PRIVATE
  - PRIVATE
  - PRIVATE

## Internship

#### Data Mining-based Insurance Underwriting System<span style="float:right;">COMPANY TIME</span>

- **S:** PRIVATE project with IBM, Baidu, etc to develop an automatic underwriting system to reduce human labor.
- **T:** Deeply understand customers' needs while communicating with underwriting experts, design and develop automatic underwriting system, to win the bid.
- **A:** Perform **feature engineering**, design evaluation criterions and model logics, train and fine tune **Logistic Regression, Random Forest, LightGBM** classification models; analyze bad cases and improve features; Encapsule the ML model into a SDK with C++.
- **R:** ***1.*** Fulfilled PoC and won the bid; ***2.*** Achieve 15% human labor reduction and 95% precetion on the 530k training dataset.
- PRIVATE

## Campus Projects

#### Reinforcement Learning(RL)-based Reactive Force field Optimization<span style="float:right;">TIME</span>

- **S:** Reactive force field(ReaxFF) is a function with a large number of parameters, which usually takes several months to optimize when using traditional genetic algorithms.
- **T:** Explore a heuristic optimization method based on RL, to speed up the optimization process of the reaction field parameters of similar materials.
- **A:** Based on the assumption of similar materials having similar ReaxFF, design and implement the RL environment, perform feature engineering and implement different optimization methods(including **RL and traditional genetic algorithms**).
- **R:** ***1.*** In terms of the optimization performance of similar materials, it has comparable results with the professional optimization software GARFFIELD, greatly surpassing conjugate gradient method and simulated annealing algorithm; ***2.*** Obtain software copyright.

## Amateur Projects

#### Web Crawler and Website: ShadowSocksShare<span style="float:right;">TIME</span>

- **S:** Shadowsocks is a proxy software and was popular in China. Before the project was established, there was a lot of free accounts shared over Internet but lack of subscription service. It's not convenient for users without subscription service.
- **A:** Learn Crawler, **HTML**, **JavaScript**, filter and parse online contents by **[regular expression](https://notes.pythonic.life/A1-Computer_Science/Programming/Language/Regular_Expression.html)**, develop the full website and deploy it on Heroku, OpenShift, and GAE.
- **R:** This project earns **350** sums up to **¥1871.91** donations, and open source on GitHub with **3.1k Star** and **1.1k Fork**.
- 项目链接：[ss.pythonic.life](https://ss.pythonic.life)

## Miscellaneous

- **Strong:** have exercise habits, periodicly go hiking or riding
- **Cooperative:** ***1.*** do research with interns on RL with expert experience and generalization; ***2.*** communicate with product manager to decide product design, debug with engineering team to make sure the urban traffic signal cortrol system works well; ***3.*** cooperate with MEC production line and RoboX to plan product layout together.
- **Self-Learning and Fast Learner:** gain deep mastery in *website developing*, *materials science*, *traffic engineering* and *autopilot*.
- **Summarizing** online notebook: [notes.pythonic.life](https://notes.pythonic.life)。
- **Geek Spirit**: develop a bunch of scripts: [CharlesScripts](https://github.com/the0demiurge/CharlesScripts) which earns **984 Star** and **732 Fork**; generated curriculum viate by [this tool](https://notes.pythonic.life/B1-Management/HumanResource/Curriculum_Vitae/); use [Dvorak keyboard layout](https://the0demiurge.blogspot.com/2018/11/ergodox.html) since 2018.
- **Personal Blog:** [the0demiurge.blogspot.com](https://the0demiurge.blogspot.com/)
- **Google Scholar:** PRIVATE
